Dr Jack has fixed color maps, I think it's easier to use these. I might loose some resolution in the prediction.
Should I use a MySQL database to store the weather information extracted from the color maps?

I think something is wrong with the cookies on Dr Jack. I can't ask for an image without sending my login information
I'm watching this youTube video which shows how to send a cookie to prove that you are logged in. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpaCpudEh2o

I think I've done the cookie thing correctly but I still can't get an image. I tried a different image URL and that didn't work either.

I can see that I can print the header to my get request for the picture I get a PNG image when I use cookies and text when I don't.

I can now get pictures from Dr Jack!

I'm using this tutuorial for color detection: https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2014/08/04/opencv-python-color-detection/

there are class and instance variable. The instance is "self"

When accessing class variables we need to access them through the instance (using self) or through the class Class.var += 1
    A good youtube video for this concept is here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ-VvGyQxho
    An instance first looks for it's own class variable before leaving it's namespace to look at the top level class.
    Types of methods:Regular , class , static
    Class methods can be used as an alternative constructor
    Regular methods first pass the instance self, class methods pass the class, static methods don't pass anything
    if you don't use the class or self variable in your method it should be static

When inheriting a class all of the attributes and methods are passed down to the new class.

Method resolution order. if you make a new class and dont' have __init__ python will look to the parent class

print(help(Classname))

if you create a class with inheritance, if you don't set any of the attributes it takes on that of the parent,
    upon creation of the subclass, you can use the same variable name in the parent class and none of the parent class is affected.

Good video for subclasses: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSl87lqOXDE

isinstance(class, question class), issubclass()

mapConfig.txt needs more data: good/medium/bad parameter values, Forecast Name, parameter units, interest/future

I created bgr and color lists in MapProperties but in the subclass PredictionMap, I cannot index those lists but I can append do them
    it turned out that I could index them, pycharm just did not recognize that action.

The fixed coloring on the CAPE map seems to vary in terms of length. Seems like an error from the Dr. Jack Website

Maps that have varying scales, despite "fixed colors"
    CAPE
    Surface Temp
    BL Wind - this is because there are vectors describing the wind which got on the pixel

By using fixed coloring for Cu cloudbase I have resolution of 1000ft as compared to 500ft

Cloud cover has weird criteria good which would need to be defined.

path.isfile() is not reporting case sensitivity with .png vs .PNG, this has all come about because I want to store the cu cloudbase
    for the non fixed color version because it has twice the resolution.

When there are files with dissimilar maximum revision numbers, the program gets messed up but I fixed that now.

I have a problem that when i call alert me and the program asks to check the soaring forecast for a date that doesn't exist.
    I need to have a check, that if I have at least one active map, then I shouldn't try to read in the forecast. If I
    have no active maps then self.max_rev will also be None

There is a problem when looking at the Cumulus cloudbase. When there is an area absent of clouds the color is grey:
    204, 204, 204, To fix this problem I added 204,204,204 and value 0 to the following maps: 11, 12

There is a possibility that I could get a stipple pixel so I need to address this very low concern. Stipple is black,
    0,0,0 so I'll check if the pixel is that color and set the stipple flag. Then in my try statement I'll move my pixel
    by one location.

There is an error that the Dr. Jack webiste times out on the first request of wfm_woustar. I need to add a try except statement